Resolve #1720 (#1727)
RasaHQ/rasa_core: CHANGELOG.rst

Fixed
-----

> - Handles slot name contains characters that are invalid as python variable name (e.g. dot) in a template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handles slot names which contain characters that are invalid as python variable name (e.g. dot) in a template
```
